updated android changelog (#584)
MapsIndoors/docs: src/changelogs/android/v3/CHANGELOG.md

### Security     in case of vulnerabilities.
-->

## [3.8.3] 2021-02-26

### Fixed

- Fixed time zone related issue causing crashes on Android <7

### Added

> - Added method to acquire LiveData-style badged icons on MapsIndoors

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added method to acquire Live Data-style badged icons on MapsIndoors
```

Reviewer: @fhansenMP "on MapsIndoors" is vague. Where can you acquire badged icons? Map, list, somewhere else?
